README.md, before:

# Front-end Architecture Outline

The purpose of this outline is to help build an outline of the Front-end architecture to be used by a project. 

The goal is not to determine which framework or approach is better, but to define in clear terms how your web app will be constructed. 

## What's needed

- Fleshing out of all the various options for each category.
- Linking to articles and resources for more details on each category.
- Addition of new categories that are missing. 

## General

### VCS

- Git
- Subversion

#### Code Repository Location

- GitHub
- BitBucket

### E2E Testing Tool

- Selenium

## Testing Tools

- Sauce Labs

### API's for Data

- [URL's to API's]
- [Docs on API's]

### Build System

- Grunt

### Browser Support

- IE 7-Latest
- Chrome Latest

#### Resources
- [Link to browser usage information]
- [Link to caniuse.com

## HTML

### Templating Library

- Mustache
- Handlebars
- Smarty, etc
- HAML
- Jade

### Style Guide

- http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/htmlcssguide.xml#HTML_Style_Rules

## CSS

### Folder/File Organization

### Style Guides

#### Articles
- [CSS Style Guides - CSS Tricks](http://css-tricks.com/css-style-guides/)

#### The List
- [Idiomatic CSS](https://github.com/necolas/idiomatic-css)

### Naming Conventions

- SMACSS
- OOCSS
- BEM

### Unit Testing Tool

- [Overview](http://csste.st)

### Pre-processor

- Less
- Sass
- Stylus

### Pattern Library

- Pure.css
- Bootstrap

### Documentation Tool

- CSSDoc
- KSS
- [Style Docco](http://jacobrask.github.io/styledocco/)

#### Articles
[On CSS Documentaiton](http://byrichardpowell.co.uk/post/48682993574/on-css-documentation)

## JavaScript

### Style Guide

### Unit Testing Tool

- Jasmine
- Mocha
- YUI Test

### Functional Testing tool

- Karma
- Yeti

### Logging Infrastructure

- http://mixu.net/minilog/
- http://pimterry.github.io/loglevel/

### MV* Framework

- Angular
- Backbone

### Other Libraries

- Modernizr
- Moment.js

### Compiler

- None
- CoffeeScript
- Dart


### Documentation Tool

- YUIDoc
- [Selleck](https://github.com/yui/selleck)
- JSDoc 3

Commit message:

Added section on module loaders

README.md, after:

# Front-end Architecture Outline

The purpose of this outline is to help build an outline of the Front-end architecture to be used by a project. 

The goal is not to determine which framework or approach is better, but to define in clear terms how your web app will be constructed. 

## What's needed

- Fleshing out of all the various options for each category. I've tried to include a couple of examples on each, but it's by no means complete.
- Linking to articles and resources for more details on each category.
- Addition of new categories that are missing. 

## General

### VCS

- Git
- Subversion

#### Code Repository Location

- GitHub
- BitBucket

### E2E Testing Tool

- Selenium

## Testing Tools

- Sauce Labs

### API's for Data

- [URL's to API's]
- [Docs on API's]

### Build System

- Grunt

### Browser Support

- IE 7-Latest
- Chrome Latest

#### Resources
- [Link to browser usage information]
- [Link to caniuse.com

## HTML

### Templating Library

- Mustache
- Handlebars
- Smarty, etc
- HAML
- Jade

### Style Guide

- http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/htmlcssguide.xml#HTML_Style_Rules

## CSS

### Folder/File Organization

### Style Guides

#### Articles
- [CSS Style Guides - CSS Tricks](http://css-tricks.com/css-style-guides/)

#### The List
- [Idiomatic CSS](https://github.com/necolas/idiomatic-css)

### Naming Conventions

- SMACSS
- OOCSS
- BEM

### Unit Testing Tool

- [Overview](http://csste.st)

### Pre-processor

- Less
- Sass
- Stylus

### Pattern Library

- Pure.css
- Bootstrap

### Documentation Tool

- CSSDoc
- KSS
- [Style Docco](http://jacobrask.github.io/styledocco/)

#### Articles
[On CSS Documentaiton](http://byrichardpowell.co.uk/post/48682993574/on-css-documentation)

## JavaScript

### Style Guide

### Unit Testing Tool

- Jasmine
- Mocha
- YUI Test

### Functional Testing tool

- Karma
- Yeti

### Logging Infrastructure

- http://mixu.net/minilog/
- http://pimterry.github.io/loglevel/

### MV* Framework

#### Resources

- [TodoMVC.com](http://todomvc.com]
- [Journey Through The JavaScript MVC Jungle](http://coding.smashingmagazine.com/2012/07/27/journey-through-the-javascript-mvc-jungle/)

#### Frameworks

- Angular
- Backbone
- Ember.js
- Knockout.js
- YUI3

### Other Libraries

- Modernizr
- Moment.js

### Compiler

- None
- CoffeeScript
- Dart

### Documentation Tool

- YUIDoc
- [Selleck](https://github.com/yui/selleck)
- JSDoc 3

### Module Loader

- Require.js
- YUI3
